empty-bin command options (recursive and liquid) (#1244)
DFHack/scripts: docs/empty-bin.rst

::

    empty-bin [<options>]

Options
--------------

> ``-r|--recursive``
>     Whether to apply the command recursively.
> ``-l|--liquids``
>     Include liquids (DRINK and LIQUID_MISC) in the items list to be moved to the ground.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``-r``, ``--recursive``
    Recursively empty containers.
``-l``, ``--liquids``
    Move contained liquids (DRINK and LIQUID_MISC) to the floor, making them unusable.
```

You should also remove the "Note that if there are liquids..." from above.
